README.md, before:

# Tele

A teleprompter that lives in your MacBook's notch — right below the camera, so your eyes stay where they should be.

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)

Your script scrolls directly under the lens. To your audience, you're just looking at the camera. Natural eye contact, zero guesswork.

### Why Tele?

- **Invisible on screen share** — content-protected window, so only you see it. Present on Zoom, Google Meet, or any call without anyone knowing.
- **Keyboard-driven** — global shortcuts for play/pause, speed, and seeking. Hands stay on the keyboard, flow stays unbroken.
- **Markdown-aware** — headers, bold, italic, stage directions (`[pause]`), and separators. Write structured scripts, read clean output.
- **Fully local** — no accounts, no cloud, no telemetry. Your scripts stay in localStorage, config in a local JSON file.
- **Free and open source** — MIT licensed. Modify it, extend it, make it yours.

## Install

### Homebrew (recommended)

```
brew tap saeedseyfi/tele
brew install --cask tele
```

> The app is unsigned. On first launch, run `xattr -cr /Applications/Tele.app` or go to System Settings → Privacy & Security → Open Anyway.

### Download

Grab the `.dmg` from the [latest release](https://github.com/saeedseyfi/tele/releases/latest).

### Build from source

```
git clone https://github.com/saeedseyfi/tele.git
cd tele
npm install
npm start
```

## Development

```
npm run dev
```

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add voice-synced scrolling coming soon section

README.md, after:

# Tele

A teleprompter that lives in your MacBook's notch — right below the camera, so your eyes stay where they should be.

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)

Your script scrolls directly under the lens. To your audience, you're just looking at the camera. Natural eye contact, zero guesswork.

### Why Tele?

- **Invisible on screen share** — content-protected window, so only you see it. Present on Zoom, Google Meet, or any call without anyone knowing.
- **Keyboard-driven** — global shortcuts for play/pause, speed, and seeking. Hands stay on the keyboard, flow stays unbroken.
- **Markdown-aware** — headers, bold, italic, stage directions (`[pause]`), and separators. Write structured scripts, read clean output.
- **Fully local** — no accounts, no cloud, no telemetry. Your scripts stay in localStorage, config in a local JSON file.
- **Free and open source** — MIT licensed. Modify it, extend it, make it yours.

## Coming soon

**Voice-synced scrolling** — Tele will listen as you speak and scroll your script in real time, matching your natural pace. No fixed speed, no manual adjustments. Just talk.

## Install

### Homebrew (recommended)

```
brew tap saeedseyfi/tele
brew install --cask tele
```

> The app is unsigned. On first launch, run `xattr -cr /Applications/Tele.app` or go to System Settings → Privacy & Security → Open Anyway.

### Download

Grab the `.dmg` from the [latest release](https://github.com/saeedseyfi/tele/releases/latest).

### Build from source

```
git clone https://github.com/saeedseyfi/tele.git
cd tele
npm install
npm start
```

## Development

```
npm run dev
```

## License

MIT
